Listen, I'm here
because Sheriff Tubb
asked me to step in.
You must be
the new temporary sheriff.
He seems very Texas.
I wonder where Tubb
found him.
My ex-wife married
some rich tech dude
who owns a ranch
just south of town.
I followed her up here.
Her and my daughter.
And let me guess,
you're still in love with her?
I ran into Tonya.
She's working for Ren Bhullar,
as in Bhullar cartel.
Do you like killing?
Welcome to Montana.
I'll drink to that.
♪ Someone told me long ago
♪ There's a calm
before the storm ♪
♪ I know
♪ It's been comin'
for some time ♪
♪ When it's over, so they say
♪ It'll rain a sunny day
♪ I know
♪ Shinin' down like water
♪ Do you love an apple?♪
♪ Do you love a pear?♪
♪ Do you love a laddy
with curly brown hair?♪
What the hell?
♪ Why, yes, I love him♪
♪ I'll never deny him♪
♪ I'll always love him ♪
Hello, friend.
Hi.
Oh. This.
Deer fell.
I had to put it
out of its misery.
Sad when
something passes.
You up here alone?
Uh, yeah, kinda.
Either you are
or you ain't.
♪ But still I love him♪
Yeah, I am.
Nobody comes up here.
It's great.
It's so pretty.
Hey, would you mind lending me
a hand with the butchering?
Oh, um...
I should
-probably get going.
-Oh.
Well, you're not
from around here, are you?
We lend a hand.
We help each other.
I like to help people.
Okay.
Uh, well, maybe.
You know, later
I can help you out.
♪ ...with curly brown hair?♪
Hello again, friend.
You might want
to watch your step.
♪ I'll never deny him♪
♪ I'll always love him♪
♪ Till the day that I die♪
So, how'd you get away
from Sheriff Beau today?
You mean
temporary, acting Sheriff Beau?
Oh, I don't know.
I heard he's staying.
We'll see about that.
Man sure does fill out
his Wranglers, huh?
Okay,
do not tell him that.
Too late.
I already did.
-You meet his ex yet?
-No.
But I heard about
his daughter.
You know,
he talks about her 24/7.
I know.
It's kinda sweet. Yeah.
Did he ever tell you
what happened?
Some. You?
Not the divorce, no.
I mean, you could ask him.
I could, but maybe
it's better I don't.
He will tell me
if he's ready or not.
Uh, any new cases?
Mm. Same old, same old.
Yeah, except for we're
still short a few hands
since Jerrie
and Lindor ran off
to go chase the syndicate--
Oh, I'm so sorry.
I didn't mean to
-bring up Lindor.
-Oh, no.
Look, just so we're all
on the same page,
I broke up with him.
We're better as friends.
He and Jerrie
are a great match.
-Mm.
-Maybe.
Moving on,
because I have.
Okay.
Yep.
Let's look into
a missing backpacker.
Parents called from
San Francisco.
Haven't heard from him.
Said that his last call
came from Helena
and said that he mentioned
the Basin Trail.
I'll look into it,
and I'll check out
the trailheads and putouts.
You know, you might want
to talk to Sunny Barnes.
She's running her outfitting
out in that area this year.
Maybe she saw somebody.
-That's a good idea.
-Mm.
I'll take a drive.
Well, well, well, well.
The gang's all here.
Sorry, I just-- Uh, I guess
I lost track of time.
Uh, actually, I wasn't
looking for you, Hoyt.
Came to return this
to Denise.
Denise, you keep cooking
for me like this,
I'm gonna need
a whole new wardrobe.
And I don't even know where
to shop in this town.
That's okay.
I'll take you.
Make sure everything
fits right,
especially in the back.
Okay. Okay.
You're gonna make me blush.
Denise, really?
Okay. Come on.
It's fine. It's fine.
You know why?
'Cause she makes the best damn
veggie lasagna I've ever had.
Makes you wonder what
the meat version tastes like.
Meat version.
Oh, we shall see.
Okay, we need
to get back to work.
Uh, oh, can I get a ride?
-What's wrong with your truck?
-Nothing.
I just-- I walked
so I can get my steps in
'cause I needed
to burn the calories.
Thank you very much.
See you later.
Yeah, see ya.
What?
You never cook for me,
Mrs. Robinson.
Never cook for me.
♪ Come on, come on,
there's a big blue sky ♪
♪ Grab your things,
let's all run wild ♪
♪ Get a little bit
of sweet sunshine ♪
♪ Make the best
of the open wide ♪
♪ The open wide
Hey, babe. Hey.
♪ Tell your momma
that you love her so ♪
How's it look?
Well, it's crooked, hon.
Pull it up on the right
just a little bit.
That's good enough.
Now, Buck, these people
paid good money
for a luxury
backcountry experience.
The least you could do
is hang the damn sign straight.
Well, I--
This is a new site
for us, hon.
We gotta make it shine.
-I'm aware of that.
-What was that?
-Uh, love you, dear.
-Yeah, I know you do.
Now, did you finish
the tent assignments?
Yeah. I-I put
the trust fund couple
from New York
in tent six.
I got the techies--No, no, no, no.
They need in tent one.
Out of the way.
Young love, Buck.
Young love.
You remember that?
Yeah, I do.
You know what? Just leave it.
I-I'll do it myself.
-Come on down.
-Really?
-Yeah, come on down.
-All right.
-Come on.
-I thought I had it, but...
Well...
Where's your flag pin?
Oh, shoot.
I musta forgot it.
See how lucky you are
to have me?
I count my blessings
every day, sweetheart.
There you go.
Thank you.
All right.
Okay, well, be careful.
I will.
Young love.
Ow. Quit it.
♪ Get a little bit
of sweet sunshine ♪
See, how's that look?
Well, that looks about
how I had it.
No, this is better.
♪ A million little things♪
♪ Rattling in my brain♪
Oh, Tonya.
♪ Slow down to catch my breath♪
Can't hold that hate in.
You know, I got these breathing
exercises I do,
like visualizations.
I can show you my technique
if you want.
I don't need a technique.
Well, you need something,
'cause that hate,
that is a slow poison, Jenny.
Now, what kinda man
would I be
if I just sat by
and watched it eat you up?
So... I'm here if you need
to talk about it.
I need less talking.
If you talked about
the Tonya situation,
maybe it wouldn't be
a situation.
There's nothing to talk about.
Tonya belongs in prison.
Okay.
And I'd like
to punch her.
It was a good photo,
I'll give her that.
Okay, I'm gonna punch you.
Yeah, you could do that,
or you could make
a punch list.
I've got one.
It's one of my
visualization things.
Gary Gravy--
bully, fifth grade.
My football coach.
Elon Musk.
The guy from
the beer commercials--
you know the one.
My daughter's stepdad.
Oh, I'd just like
to knuckle dunk his teeth in.
But I won't.
But it sure feels good
to think about it.
You know, I'd like to meet
your ex sometime.
-Carla?
-Yeah, I'd love to know how she
put up with all your chitchat.
Ooh, I don't think
that's a good idea.
No.
You two would not get along.
Why not?
Trust me.
No good
would come of it.
♪ Yeah, I really
made sure you got...♪
Wait.
What the hell?
Looks like we got somebody
streaking through the quad.
♪ There are many things♪
Stop!
Hoyt, I think I'm gonna let you
take this one.
Help.
Wait up!
Everything okay, sir?
Do I look like I'm okay?
I've heard of commando,
but this is like the reverse.
But, uh, hey, strokes for folks,
am I right?
Prisoner... escaped.
What?
Uh-oh.
Yep.
Oh. Ew.
Department
of Corrections.
You're a cop?
I was transferring a prisoner
and she, uh,
um, kind of escaped.
Uh, took my gun
and my car.
Okay, so armed, dangerous,
and dressed like a prison guard.
There goes the afternoon.
Lovely.
This her--
Faith Cole?
Yes.
Doing time
for armed robbery.
That's right.
I was transferring her
to another prison
when she overpowered me.
Look, I gotta call this in,
get State to set up a perimeter.
We can handle it.
I'm sure you can,
but like I said,
the sooner we apprehend her,
the better.
I know how this looks.
Did she do a lot of working out
after these photos were taken?
What?
Well, she's 125 pounds.
You said
she overpowered you.
And wasn't she in handcuffs?
No.
W-What does it matter?
You just need to find her.
Look, we got an APB out
on Faith and your car.
We'll find her.
Why don't you tell us
what really happened?
We just got to talking,
and one thing led to another.
One thing?
Okay,
she kinda seduced me.
Ah.
Yeah. Yeah,
I can see that.
Go on.
She told me I was handsome
and that I had a nice smile,
and then things sorta
progressed, you might say,
in a sexual direction,
if you get what I'm saying.
Mm.
And then she punched me
in the throat, grabbed my gun,
and took everything
but my undies.
Well, and your badge.
Not right now, Popcorn.
Sorry, it can't wait.
The Jamboree Country Market
on Lyndale just got held up.
Suspect
is a woman prison guard.
Your girlfriend.
Let's go.
Good job.
Mary's waiting for you
right down there.
Go on.
Cassie Dewell. Hey.
What brings you
out here?
I was just on my way
to check out a trailhead.
I'm glad I caught you.
Are you and Kai gonna join us
out at the camp?
We've got law enforcement discount.
-Oh, private investigator?
-Yeah, that, too.
Whatever.
What can I do you for?
Um...
Actually, the family of a
backpacker contacted the office.
They haven't heard from him
in a while. They're worried.
Well, is he missing?
Lost?
You know, it's that time
of the year-- tourist season.
Yeah, we're not sure.
I just said I'd look around.
Well, hundreds of miles
of trail.
People come out here
to get off the grid, get lost.
I know.
This is him.
He's doing the
Continental Divide trail.
His parents said he usually
calls once every other day,
and he hasn't called
in a few days.
That's a long way
from here.
Yeah, it sounds like
he did a detour,
so I figured I'd just
put the word out
to all the outfitters,
you know...
I remember
when my son Cormac
took that crazy bike trip
down to Baja.
I was worried sick
for nights.
Eh, Cormac.
You remember my son, Cormac,
don't you?
Yeah.
Cormac. Cassie.
Hey, Cassie.
Hi.
Everything okay?
Uh, missing backpacker.
Yeah, yeah. Ah.
Here you go.
That's him.
He'll probably turn up,
and if he don't,
bears gotta eat, too.
-Cormac!
-I'm joking.
I don't find that funny.
Sorry.
Our guests don't have to worry.
We, uh, run a tight ship.
Yes, we do.
Well, I appreciate you
keeping an eye out.
I'll see you around.
Hope so. Mm.
"Hope so"?
She's cute.
All right, lover boy,
get the horse
and I'll meet you back at camp.
"Hope so." God.
We heard noise, but we
didn't really see anything.
I didn't see anything.
Shop owner:
The security company called
as soon as
the silent alarm triggered.
Some cash is missing and some
personals, clothes and such.
Classic smash and grab.
Some money for the road.
We need to talk
to whoever was here.
Our manager, Bill Camp,
was on shift,
but he wasn't here
when I arrived.
Now I can't reach him.
Well, maybe he got
spooked and ran.
Well,
one way we can find out.
Are those working?
Hey.
Uh, Cormac said Cassie Dewell
was at the put-in.
She was.
What does she want?
She was asking about
a missing backpacker.
Huh.
Probably nothing, but best
we don't tell the guests.
You know, it's bad enough
that that shed hunter
got mauled
by the grizzly last month.
Well, even so,
we need to double down
on that bear aware speech, honey.
Good idea.
Okay. Showtime.
You ready?
Yes, ma'am.
Here we go.
♪ I've been watching
the western sky ♪
♪ And I can see
the sun succumbing ♪
Welcome to
Sunny Day Excursions.
We're glad y'all are here.
♪ I don't need to be
a weatherman ♪
Hi, there. Hi.
Sunny Barnes.
You must be Emily
and Avery.
Nice to meet you. Welcome.
Hey, we got the message that
your wife won't be joining you.
Yes, unfortunately.
She had to go to California
to work, so...
Aw.
Well, welcome.
Emily, we have
a beautiful tent here for you.
You're gonna love it.
And, Avery, I guess we have
a tent for you, also.
Yes, I'm still hoping that
my wife will join us later on.
We all do. Yeah.
So, we have everything
you're gonna need right here.
That is why we
call it glamping.
Yeah, you got everything
except cell service.
Yeah,
it's spotty at best.
But you might have the best luck
over by the fire pit.
But we do like our guests
to unpluged.
Enjoy.
Thank you. Thanks.
♪ We are strong as stone
So, how's this group
looking?
♪ When we're together
We might wanna keep an eye
on those two.
It's his birthday.
He wanted to go to Cancun.
She booked us.
They got to bickering.
Oh, boy.
Well, it's our job to get them
in the Big Sky state of mind.
Mm-hmm.
You two stand there
and look handsome.
I got it.
It's beautiful here.
Like, it's so--
Howdy.
-Paige, right?
-Hi.
And you must be
the birthday boy-- Mr. Luke.
-Just Luke.
-Well, Just Luke, welcome.
Somebody will be showing you
to your tent shortly.
Do y'all like horses?
-Oh, love.
-Great.
Are we gonna have s'mores
and sing campfire songs, too?
-Don't be an ass.
-That's okay.
We get all kinda you
city folks up here.
You know,
it takes a little bit,
but you will love
what we do here.
I promise you, if you just
get in the program,
you will have
a great time.
♪ And if we find
the common ground ♪
Okay.
See,
that wasn't so hard.
Okay.
Just follow him on
to your tents.
-Thank you.
-Enjoy.
There's our girl.
Hmm.
Well, I guess she needed
a new getaway car.
Weird.
It would've been a whole lot
easier just to ask for the keys.
Yep.
But now
she's got a hostage.
♪ Strange weather
♪ Strange power
♪ Shape of my actions
♪ Something to devour
♪ Mm-mm
♪ Mm-mm-mm
♪ All the wise men
♪ Southern crosses
♪ Hungry people
♪ Cut their losses
♪ Whole world
♪ Hung by a string
This looks good
right here.
All right, everyone,
listen up.
Okay, now that we have
your attention,
just want to run
some basic rules by ya.
As you can tell, there's lots of
trails up here on this mountain,
and we ask that you
let my husband or me
know where you're going.
And we run
-the buddy system.
-Yes, we do.
So make sure you got
your bear spray,
know that there's no
cell service up here,
and stay on
the marked trails.
-Uh, question.
-Yes.
Uh, how concerned should
we be about the bears?
Be bear aware, that's all.
Mother Nature can be
unforgiving, so leave no trace.
Just be careful,
and have fun.
You're in paradise.
Come on!
Well?
It's good.
It's really good.
Could I have
some ketchup for it?
No.
Customer is always right, Donno.
Not in this case.
Always.
We need to talk.
For the last time--
and you can tell
your BFF this, too--
I'm a legitimate businesswoman.
Right, you bought yourself
this place,
have real estate investments
all over town.
You're a pillar
of the community, Tonya.
Oh, well, you said it.
And you accomplished it
through hard work.
Oh, wait, no,
that's not true.
You did it by working
for a drug cartel.
You know, whatever I did
or didn't do, it's in the past.
Oh, that's so convenient.
Well, it's the truth.
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I have a lot of work to do.
The ranch.
I want to buy it.
No offense, but it's a little
out of your price range.
My father left me some money.
That ranch was his dream.
I want to buy it.
I already have numerous offers.
All cash.
All over asking.
Really?
And do these people know about
the drug lab in the basement?
Or the murders?
Because I could tell them.
As a licensed broker, you're
bound to make disclosures.
It would be interesting,
wouldn't it,
given your involvement.
And there it is.
That's a shame.
Here I was, gonna treat you
to a piece of Donno's pie.
Strawberry rhubarb.
My grandmother's recipe.
She died in the bath.
Yeah, I'm gonna
send you an offer.
It'll be a fair one.
If I was you,
I would take it.
Hey.
The hostage Faith grabbed
wasn't just some random guy.
Lay it on me, 'cause
I've been wondering why
somebody who
broke out of prison
had a pocket full
of stolen cash
would have taken
a store manager hostage.
The manager,
William Camp,
is the brother
of her ex-boyfriend,
who she blames
for her conviction.
Revenge?
Solid motive.
I like it.
Yep, me, too.
Yeah,
I don't know about that.
Faith Cole's ex-boyfriend
is in prison.
Got picked up for stealing
a thresher six months ago.
Hmm. Well, there goes
our revenge theory.
Not necessarily.
Who steals a thresher, honestly?
I stole a riding mower once,
back in my, uh, wild days.
Of course you did,
you rebel.
Anything else in her past
seem hinky?
Not really.
She's single, no kids,
both parents deceased,
and no siblings.
Hmm. What about the hostage?
Do we have an address on him?
Maybe there's something
there we're not seeing.
Did you put a BOLO
out on the car?
-Yes, sir.
-What'd I say
about calling me sir?
Sorry, sir.
Uh, damn.
Um, I mean Beau.
I gotta--
got to lock that in.
Uh, and yes, I have an address
for the store manager.
Help him.
Stop with
the sucking up.
Got it.
Hey.
So far, we've got Sunny Barnes
checking out the trailheads.
No sign of his car,
so I hope you had better luck
than I did today.
Well, actually...
it's probably nothing, or...
Wait, no.
Let me see it.
Well, the name
of that trailhead--
Basin Trail-- I just couldn't
shake the feeling
that I heard it before, and Lord
knows I'm not a hiker,
and then
it finally hit me.
Years ago, my neighbor's son's
girlfriend disappeared,
and that's where
it happened.
Apparently, it was
at this trailhead
that they went to some kind
of prom night afterparty.
I'll never forget it.
The entire police department
just swarming my block
while this kid
just sat there on the curb
crying in
his ill-fitted tux.
Was she found?
Mm-hmm.
She was mutilated.
And it wasn't a bear.
Her heart
had been cut out.
Jesus.
Yeah.
Do you think
there's a connection?
I-I don't know.
These two events
are 20 years apart.
The location's
the only unifying detail.
Right now, all we know
is this backpacker,
he hasn't checked in,
there's no cell service.
I don't want to jump
to any conclusions.
Yep, yep.
I thought it was a stretch.
Well, I mean,
throw it up on the board.
You never know.
Hey, we still on
for movie night?
Well, uh, my day's gone
a bit sideways,
but I'm hoping Hoyt and I
can wrap it up,
and we'll be
back on schedule.
Ooh.
Dare I ask?
Chasing a fugitive,
hostage situation--
a whole bunch of other things
I did not have
on my bingo card.
Wow, uh,
you weren't kidding.
Yeah.
I'll keep you posted,
all right?
Okay. Bye.
What?
Nothing.
Is it weird for you
that I'm friends with Cassie?
Are you really friends, or...
Yes.
Yes. Yes.
We're just friends.
Look, you know, we bonded over
the past couple of months.
But if you're feeling
a little left out,
consider yourself invited.
No, no, no, no. I'm good.
I don't want to intrude.
It's a movie night--
some snacks, we get some beers,
then we mix it up.
We watch some classics,
Korean horror.
Oh, God.
'80s rom-coms.
Huge Cusack fan.
Eh...
Yeah.
♪ All the thoughts that drift
within my dreams♪
I think it's down
at the end.
♪ Our endless lost highway♪
Oh!
Is that the hostage?
It sure is.
He's still alive.
Call an ambulance.
Bill? Hey, Bill?
Can you hear me?
Bill!
Come on, Bill.
Stay with me, pal.
Paramedics
are on the way.
Stay with me.
-I'm going up.
-Hoyt, where you going?
You need backup!
The apartment's empty.
No sign of Faith anywhere.
Is he okay?
W-- Okay.
Well, that's good,
'cause you went in there
without any backup.
Do you have any
police training whatsoever?
If she pushed him out
the window, she can't be far.
All right, I'll get
every available unit
to search the area, okay?
Thank you.
What the hell's that?
She stole this
from the market.
Why?
I dunno.
I used to have something
like this when I was a kid,
till my brother
ripped its head off,
and then I put him
in a headlock,
and Mom beat the crap
out of both of us. Okay.
What if this whole thing
is about a kid?
I'm listening.
I found clothes and stuff
belonging to a child, a girl.
Okay,
so Bill's got a daughter.
Why would Faith
have interest in that?
I don't know, but what
if she grabbed her?
Will you please
slow down?
I thought you wanted
to get a workout in.
Listen, you can keep doing your
passive aggressive fitness thing
while we don't talk
about why we're here,
or we can just... maybe
have some fun.
And if you don't want to do
that, you can go.
Really.
I'll have fun without you.
I'm sure you will.
I saw you looking at
that other guy.
Yeah.
The cowboy.
Cormac?
Sunny's son?
Come on, you were
checking him out.
Maybe.
A little.
I knew it.
Luke, please stop.
I need to take a break.
Weird.
Is that blood?
Paint.
I hope.
That's gross.
Let's go.
Mighty big knife there, girl.
My father gave it to me.
He sounds like
a good father.
Best not to spy.
It's for this podcast
that I'm doing.
Podcast?
Still searching
for a theme.
I'm thinking maybe
secrets and lies--
Relationships.
Sounds interesting.
Well,
I could interview you.
Well, you could, but what
you see is what you get.
I don't believe that.
Come on, let's give them
some privacy.
You can help me
start the fire.
Come on.
Here we go.
Talk to me, Papa Smurf.
So, the hostage, Bill Camp,
did not have any kids.
Okay.
But his brother did.
Faith's ex.
Girl's name's Madelyn.
Her mother died
of a drug overdose.
Did Faith help raise the kid? Looks like that.
Even stayed in her life
after she and the ex broke up.
The ex went to prison
six months ago,
which means Uncle Bill
could've got custody of the kid.
Yeppers.
You got it, boss.
We found a letter from the girl
in Faith's prison cell.
She said she's moving
with Uncle Bill
and the aunt to Ireland
in two weeks for his new job.
In the letter,
she called Faith "Mommy".
That's why she
had to break out.
She couldn't wait
to be released on parole.
You just read my mind.
How do we know the kid's
not with her aunt right now?
Been trying her cellphone,
but no luck.
No answer at work, either.
Where does she work? At a salon.
Helena Hair Designs.
Shoot us an address, Potpie.
Nice work.
I got it.
If she thinks she can
take that kid and run... mnh-mnh.
She's desperate.
She thinks she's a mother.
Where is she?!
I told you,
she's away
on a school trip.
Maddy?! It's Mommy.
Hi, sweetheart.
Oh.
Sorry.
I'm sorry.
I missed you.
Put the gun down!
Drop the gun!
Put it on the ground, now!
Faith! Faith,
you don't want to do this.
I already lost her once.
I won't lose her again.
Don't do this to Maddy.
Don't make her witness this.
Come on. We don't
want to shoot you.
Maddy. Maddy, honey,
I need you to step away.
No.
Faith, listen to me,
put the gun down.
Do it for Maddy.
You can do this.
Okay. Let's go.
-Let's go.
-No. No. No.
No!
Hoyt.
Wait.
Give her a minute.
Let her say goodbye
to her kid.
What could it hurt?
She's going away for life.
Your [sighs] offer
is lower than the others
I've received.
It's the right offer, Tonya.
I'm accepting.
For old times' sake.
Wait, what--
what's the catch?
No catch.
I'm surprised you waived
the contingencies,
but I think you'll be
happy with the changes.
The new kitchen
is fabulous.
What about the basement?
Laundry room and storage.
But hey, maybe you could
make it into a home theater
if you wanted to splurge.
I think I'm good.
I hope to get an invitation
to the housewarming.
Oh.
Don't hold your breath.
We prepare dinner
as a group.
Where's that good-looking
boyfriend of yours?
Um, I am not sure.
Probably still
sulking somewhere
because we're not poolside
at a resort.
Hm.
Oh, he'll come around.
But if he doesn't,
we could always leave him
for a couple days
in the woods.
Don't tempt me.
Been there.
But I got me
a good one now.
Comes when he's called.
Still gives me that look,
and gentle.
He's a gentle man.
♪ We've both abandoned
the reason ♪
Luke's not so bad.
He just needs a little training,
that's all.
Yeah.
Why don't you go find him
while I warm up
my "Happy Birthday"
voice?
He's gonna hate that.
Then I'll make sure
I sing every verse.
Feel free to join in.
Man killed by bear while
playing Wordle on his phone.
News at 11:00.
You need cell service
for Wordle.
It's Crossy Road.
Oh.
Okay.
Come on.
It's beautiful here.
Plus,
if you don't cheer up,
I won't give you
my present.
Oh, yeah?
Mm-hmm.
What's that?
I'm gonna
take all your clothes off,
and you and I
are going to--
♪ Do you love an apple?♪
♪ Do you love a pear?♪
♪ Do you love a laddy♪
Do you hear that?
Yeah,
it's probably nothing.
Yeah, hey,
don't worry about it.
Come here.
Uh!
Ugh!
Well, looks like it got mauled
and ran till it collapsed,
or sometimes predators
run their...
prey right off a cliff.
Just nature.
Cycle of life.
You were right.
We should have gone
anywhere but here.
I wanna leave now.
Oh, come on, honey.
Give it another chance.
You're not scared by this,
are ya?
Look, maybe she's right.
I mean, I gotta say,
this is way more exciting
than sitting by the pool
getting drunk.
Are you serious?
Well, yeah.
I mean, think about it.
There's blood on your hands.
There's a dead coyote.
It's the woods.
It's gonna be such a good story
when we go home.
Please?
Fine.
Um, even though you've never
given me a real glass,
this place is really,
um--
really starting... Making fun of my glassware.
Making fun of it....to grow on me.
Well, listen, once, uh, you
know, you move into your ranch,
we're gonna have to do
movie nights there, okay?
We'll see.
Oh, yeah.
-Oh, you think so? Okay.
-Mm-hmm.
-Hey, guys.Cassie: Hello!
-Hey! There she is.
-What are we watching?
-Mm.
We were waiting
for you to decide.
Here you go.
Oh, I'm flexible. Yep.
As long as
Ryan Gosling's in it.
I'm for that.
Cheers.
Now, hang on.
Don't I get a vote?
You get a vote.
We get two votes
because we're two people.
Oh. Okay.
I see where this is going.
Yeah.
Fine.
You two figure it out.
I'm gonna make a call.
-Okay.
All right.
Well, let's see.
We got a lot of
genres here.
-Horror?
-Yes.
Rom-com?
Yes, sir.
This one's
gonna be perfect.
Well, it ain't glampin'...
If there ain't
no champs.
Here ya go. Enjoy.
You're very welcome.
Cheers, everyone.
Cheers!
Oh.
Oh, you got signal?
Oh, I'd get that
if I were you.
Uh, no, it's okay.
I don't want to be rude.
♪ Been carrying 'em around
all my days ♪
Okay, we're doing horror.
Okay.
What--
Hey, are you okay?
Um, no.
It's, uh...
Emily's on a trip
with her stepdad.
They're camping.
-Ooh.
-Oh.
Where are they camping?
Uh, a couple miles
outside of town.
This, uh--
This group thing.
Sunny Day Excursions.
Sunny Barnes?
Yeah.
I was talked to her today about
my missing backpacker case.
Anything I should know?
No, Sunny's great,
and Emily's probably having
a really good time.
Cassie.
Oh, good.
-Rub it in.
-No, I'm saying she's g--
she's good, she's safe,
she's well, she's--
Okay. All right.
Just... talk to us.
What's going on?
No, it's...
I just feel like I'm missing out
on her life,
and he gets to be right there,
watching it all, and I just--
I don't know
what to do with that.
Just keep being there for her
when she needs you,
no matter what.
You should tell her.
Let her know how much
she means to you.
Dads don't always
do that.
Hm.
You know,
-he has a punch list.
-Oh.
I'm very aware
of the punch list.
I-I don't get it.
Okay.
Well, Ryan Gosling's
about to join it, so let's...
All right, I think it's time
to watch a movie.
What--
-What did we decide on?
-I say horror movie.
Let's just--I'm scared already.
♪ Oh, yes, I love him
♪ I'll never deny him
♪ I'm gonna love him
till the day that I die ♪
I know you're out there.
Mama brought you a treat.
There you are.
Hm.